DOM - Document Object Model; is a javascript data structure created by the browser when reading an HTML or XML file

points:::
    box-sizing: border-box; vs content-box ---takes care of the width vs margin vs padding problem
    max-width:  ensures responsiveness for an element
    float is deprecated for creating columns
    inline boxes; cnt set width, margin-top, margin-bottom, height
    inline block; can set width, height and margin
    hence inline vs inline-block
    display: none vs hidden;
    *margin collapse
    clear




1 What is the difference of padding and margin in the box model?

> Padding is the space btn the box and the content
> Margin is the space btn one element and another

2 What do the standard width and height measure in the box model?

> They measure the width and height is the space taken up by the content only.
   The padding, border and margin are not accounted for.


3 What is margin collapse?

> Margin collapse is a technique in css where if two elements are neighbouring one another, the sum of the margins
 between them is reduced to the bigger margin of the two margins, hence creating one margin


4 How can you center a block element using auto margin?

> margin-left: auto
  margin-right: auto;
  width:50%


5 Which size and margin properties are used by the browser for inline boxes?

> margin-left, margin right
  padding-left, padding-right

6 What does the text-align property do for inline and block elements?

> Text-align sets the position of inline elements horizontally within block elements
  Text align does nothing for block elements them selves

7 What does the vertical-align property do?

> Vertical-align sets the position of in-line elements vertically within block elements
    Vertical-align has effect on block elements themselves.


8 What is the difference of inline versus inline-block display?

> Inline box elements cannot be sized; for instance, margin-top, margin-bottom, padding, width, height will not work
  on these
  Inline block elements on the other hand can be sized; can be given width, height, margin


9 Explain the 4 position property values and their differences.
10 What are the values of the float property and how do they affect the alignment of elements on the page?
11 How does the clear property interact with float?
12 How does the overflow property interact with float?
13 What does the column-count property do?
14 When should you use alignment versus float versus position for laying out elements on a page?
RESPONSIVE DESIGN
1. Write a media query that will set the background color to black and text to white for any screen smaller than 480px
2. How is the CSS display property involved in flexbox?
3. How is the css display property involved in CSS grid?
4. Use CSS grid to create a web page layout with header, 3 equal columns and a footer.  Do the same using named grid-template-areas
5. Why don't you have to write any css rules for the bootstrap carousel example?




